I made this in p5js
I made this with p5 dot js
I made this with p5js
P5js is a javascript library for making web-based interactive experiences and having fun with code.
With p5js you can quickly create animations, games, data visualizations, generative art, and more
Programming with p5 is just like using javascript, but it includes built in tools that make coding cool stuff easier.
It’s designed to be easy for beginners, but robust enough for experienced artists, developers, dreamers, and inventors.
And since browsers speak in javascript, you can share your work with others online. It’s mobile friendly too!
It's the best.
With just a few lines of code you can make shapes, like this circle, on your screen
Without p5, writing this out would take a lot more code.
The fun can multiply from there
Bring them to life with movement
or make them interactive. Try clicking or tapping the screen
P5js helps you get your ideas on screen quickly. And since you can see the results of your code visually, it’s a great for learning programming concepts.
Your imagination is the limit.
P5js is free and easy to set up. You can either code right in your browser using the p5 web editor,
or download the javascript libraries to your computer . No special software required.
There are lots of great tutorials to help you get started. And if you get stuck - don’t worry, you can always ask for help in our community forum
We are an inclusive, diverse community, and we welcome new users.
P5 is open-source. If you want to contribute to its  development, take a look at our community page.
If you want to join us, then you’re in!
The p5 community is intentionally inclusive. If you want to join us, you’re in!
If you want to use p5, its for you!
If you want to contribute to p5, we want you too!
If you want to join us, you’re in!
Thanks for checking out p5js. We’re excited to see what you make!